YourExpertise & Dedication make the difference. we drive growth for our clients’ businesses and accelerate digital transformation. 
For the same reason we are looking for a Senior Java and Big Data developer Role to join us in . This is an exciting opportunity for someone 
interested in working in an international environment, while being able to interact with various stakeholders You'll be joining the organization as 
it's transforming its architecture, pushing forward with innovative solutions in various technologies Work with the latest technologies and share your 
technical expertise in a collaborative, agile and forward thinking team environment Ready over all Developemnt / Production support activity which run 24*5 
and need to be attended. Your Responsibilities Includes: Treasury Domain: You are familiar working with applications in bank's treasury area supporting 
Liquidity and Funding as well as Asset and Liability Management lines of business. You have good understanding of control, regulatory requirements and 
optimize the capital, liquidity, funding and inter-group engagements across the bank and its legal entities. You define and execute transformation strategy 
with business team. You coordinate and consult with different teams such as business analysts, change management and IT to execute programs effectively. 
Coordinate with Business Stakeholders and Requirement Engineers to understand requirements and define the architectural model and high-level solution design. 
Implementation of required software components according to design specifications. Digital and Data engineering:

You will create innovative digital and data engineering solutions and familiar using distributed processing engine frameworks.
Analyze and understand business and technical stories, writing code, implementing automated tests, contributing to release and iteration planning and developing 
the working practices of the team.
Capture detailed requirements based upon user interviews and system/data analysis and collaborate to refine user requirements though test-driven development (TDD).
Complete the unit testing of components for integration into larger subsystems.
Support the business in resolving high-priority defects and deploying fixes to production systems.
Perform code reviews and provide guidance/mentorship to junior developers.
Adopt DevOps principles with CI & CD implementation, Cloud Integration and Scaling.
Be part of an Agile Team involving cycle based development and delivery approach.
REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Extensive Knowledge & working experience in bank's treasury area supporting Liquidity and Funding as well as Asset and Liability Management lines of business.
Experience working with understanding of control and optimize the capital, liquidity, funding and inter-group engagements across the bank and its legal entities.
Deep Banking & financial service expertise with an intimate working knowledge of financial service customers specific application requirements, KPI’s (key performance indicator), 
and quality assurance goals.
10+ years of professional experience in financial services, driving design strategies, standardizing development tools, automation frameworks, and test processes to increase cost 
savings.
10+ years of Technical Expertise including Core Java, J2EE, REST API, Microservices, Spring framework, Spring boot, relational DBs, Hibernate, JPA, EJB.
Deep expertise in distributed processing frameworks/engines like Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Hive, impala.
You have worked with at least one Object Oriented language(as Java(Preferred), Scala , Python)
Ability to write complex SQLs for Data Base Validations and fine tuning complex queries.
Experience in Performance Optimization Techniques used in Spark.
Experience in using and debugging issues in reporting tool like OBIEE, Qlik.
Experience in Behavior-driven development (BDD) and Test-driven development (TDD) frameworks. Proven transformation journey and perform setup of automation tool environment 
with Machine learning capabilities Knowledge about the ITPA, RPA and Chat bot solution , Eyeshare UI Path , Chat bot expertise Experience in using and debugging issues 
in reporting tool like OBIEE, Qlik.
Hands-on experience delivering automation with a focus on continues integration/continuous deployment. (Git, Jenkins)
Provisioning of Automated Scripts in Docker Containers using OpenShift.
Skilled in designing high performance and high available applications, stepping into and turning around failing high risk projects, defining design strategies and project 
delivery plans, and managing system design and execution.
Hands-on development experience, familiar with a wide range of technologies, and managing and/or working directly with industry leading and open source languages 
and frameworks (e.g. Spark , python, scala etc.)
Proven experience with Agile methodologies and Exposure to tools like JIRA, Confluence, Odyssey.
Good communication skills on all levels & Fluency in English
100% flexibility to work in different cities in Switzerland , ready over all Production support activity which run 24*5
Ready to work over weekend as per requirement
Proven experience in working with global teams
Co-Ordination expertise with Onshore Offshore model
We offer

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning and training opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work directly with senior partners and clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture"