React Full-Stack Developer (Software Engineer Programmer Developer React TypeScript Redux Saga Ag-Grid Python Fixed Income JavaScript Node Risk Fixed Income Credit Rates 
Bonds ABS Agile AWS GCP Buy Side Asset Manager Investment Management Node Finance Front Office Trading Financial Services) required by our asset management client in London.

You MUST have the following:

Strong experience as a React Developer/Software Engineer/Programmer
Excellent JavaScript, TypeScript and React
Excellent stakeholder interaction skills
Agile
The following is DESIRABLE, not essential:

Redux Saga, Ag-Grid
AWS or GCP
Finance/trading
Python, Java, Node or Kotlin
MaterialUI
Role: React Full-Stack Developer (Software Engineer Programmer Developer Front End Frontend Full Stack Full-Stack UI MaterialUI Kotlin Risk React TypeScript Redux 
Saga Ag-Grid Python Fixed Income JavaScript Node Fixed Income Credit Rates Bonds ABS Agile AWS GCP Buy Side Asset Manager Investment Management Performance Risk Attribution 
Node Finance Front Office Trading Financial Services) required by our asset management client in London. You will join a team of 5 in Fixed Income technology that are 
responsible for generating complex, sophisticated risk analytics software for the risk department and the portfolio managers. The technology is cutting-edge- highly 
advanced and Real Time. You need to come with React and TypeScript to a good level of competency. Back End experience, either on Node, Java or Python. AWS or GCP exposure, 
even if light, is very desirable. If not, an openness to learning and contributing on this side is necessary. Also desirable, but not essential, are Redux Saga, Ag-Grid, 
Material UI and GraphQL. As finance and trading are not required, this is an amazing opportunity

They have a hybrid-working set up that requires the team to be in the office 1-2 times a week.

This is an environment that has been described as the only corporate environment with a start-up/fintech attitude towards technology. Hours are 9-5.

Salary: £60k - £85k + 15% Bonus + 10% Pension